hi I'm live an F tank with bug zero
thanks for choosing bug zero to
eliminate bed bugs from your home this
preparation video will tell you what
needs to be done before we begin so you
can be sure you come home to know bed
bugs at the end of the day so stay with
us to the very end
start off by reserving a parking space
for us to park the equipment near the
area we'll be treating notify your
security company to disarm heat
sensitive fire alarms all clothing and
fabric items should be arranged loosely
to allow uniform heating including
dressers drawers and closets drawers may
be removed from dressers to improve air
movement
tightly packed items may also be moved
to open weave laundry baskets but do not
place in plastic bags high velocity fans
will be used to assure uniform heating
throughout the area
so all items that could be blown away or
damaged by wind such as loose papers
breakable items on shelves wall hangings
etc need to be stored safely to allow
our fans to work effectively take down
vinyl window blinds and lay them flat on
the floor do not remove any electronics
as they are often infested switch them
off and disconnect them from the wall
outlet refrigerators and freezers should
remain turned on and plugged in water
beds must be drained and air beds
partially deflated your home will reach
temperatures as high as 140 degrees your
pets including fish will need to be
taken out of the home indoor plants
fresh foods and any food that could melt
needs to be gathered in one location for
your technician to inspect before the
heating begins medications including
vitamin supplements cosmetics items made
with wax such as candles crayons and wax
figurines flammables alcohol wooden and
stringed instruments and anything
pressurized like soda aerosol cans fire
extinguishers propane and oxygen models
also need to be removed from the home
sensitive items like photo negatives
audio and video tapes and vinyl records
should be gathered for inspection don't
forget to gather your ammunition and
other explosive items firearms must be
unloaded
do not remove furniture from your home
and you do not need to throw away your
bed pianos and other instruments may
become detuned in the heat bug zero will
not read to
let us know if there are any family
heirlooms delicate or irreplaceable
items so we can inspect them and
determine if they need to be treated any
items that can't be heat treated or if
you're just not sure gather them in one
spot for a technician to inspect be
prepared to stay away from your home
during treatment as temperatures will
exceed 120 degrees on the morning of
your heat treatment put your clothes and
shoes in the dryer on high heat for 30
minutes before you put them on you will
need to leave your purse and any other
backpack lunch bags or similar items
behind that you would normally take with
you and take only the bare essentials
please note that much of the contents of
your home will have been rearranged to
allow for effective heat treatment
clients are responsible for putting
everything back in order thanks again
for choosing bug zero if you still have
any questions call our office or talk to
your technician when they arrive to do
your who treatment